#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=dev --output-file=requirements/dev.txt --strip-extras requirements/vcs_packages.in setup.cfg
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
anyio==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.0.4
    # via transonic
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
beniget==0.4.1
    # via transonic
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via matplotlib
coverage==7.3.1
    # via
    #   fluidfft (setup.cfg)
    #   pytest-cov
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.0.2
    # via fluidfft (setup.cfg)
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distro==1.8.0
    # via fluiddyn
docutils==0.18.1
    # via
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
fluiddyn==0.5.2
    # via fluidfft (setup.cfg)
fonttools==4.42.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gast==0.5.4
    # via
    #   beniget
    #   transonic
h5netcdf==1.2.0
    # via fluiddyn
h5py==3.9.0
    # via
    #   fluiddyn
    #   h5netcdf
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.15.0
    # via
    #   fluidfft (setup.cfg)
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
    #   numpydoc
    #   sphinx
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.19.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via fluidfft (setup.cfg)
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.6
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.0
    # via fluiddyn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
mpi4py==3.1.4
    # via fluidfft (setup.cfg)
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbsphinx
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
nbsphinx==0.9.3
    # via fluidfft (setup.cfg)
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.0.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.0
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   fluiddyn
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyfftw
    #   transonic
numpydoc==1.5.0
    # via fluidfft (setup.cfg)
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   h5netcdf
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   sphinx
pandas==2.1.0
    # via fluidfft (setup.cfg)
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.1
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   fluiddyn
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.11.0
    # via autopep8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyfftw==0.13.1
    # via fluidfft (setup.cfg)
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pytest==7.4.2
    # via
    #   fluidfft (setup.cfg)
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via fluidfft (setup.cfg)
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.4
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.0
    # via
    #   fluiddyn
    #   qtconsole
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==6.2.1
    # via
    #   fluidfft (setup.cfg)
    #   nbsphinx
    #   numpydoc
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-applehelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-devhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
    #   sphinxcontrib-qthelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via fluidfft (setup.cfg)
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.3.0
    # via fluidfft (setup.cfg)
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.9
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   coverage
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pytest
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.10.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   nbsphinx
    #   qtconsole
transonic==0.5.3
    # via fluidfft (setup.cfg)
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   async-lru
    #   ipython
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
